user_credential_write (#9671)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

## July 2026

> - **Enhancement:** Users with `user_credential_write` can access the credentials list and detail pages even without `credentials_read`, so they can manage credentials in self-service flows. Refer to [Enterprise permissions](/docs/platform/manage-access/enterprise-permissions) for more information.

Reviewer: this read a bit technical. are we now saying that we've made it easier for usrs to manage/update their own credentials if they're authorized to edit them? rather than have all access?

```suggestion
- **Enhancement:** Users with `user_credential_write` access can now view and manage their credentials without needing `credentials_read` privileges. This update reduces the need for additional, broader permissions when performing credential updates. Refer to [Enterprise permissions](/docs/platform/manage-access/enterprise-permissions) for more information.
```

> - **Enhancement:** Users with `user_credential_write` can access the credentials list and detail pages even without `credentials_read`, so they can manage credentials in self-service flows. Refer to [Enterprise permissions](/docs/platform/manage-access/enterprise-permissions) for more information.

Reviewer: also the link doesn't take me to any direct place the mentions these credentials - is it meant to?
